210 mapping updates (#294)
open-contracting/infrastructure: docs/reference/changelog.md

### Documentation

> * [#210](https://github.com/open-contracting/infrastructure/issues/210) - update project identification mapping for sector, replace Budgest and projects extension mentions with Projects extension. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#210](https://github.com/open-contracting/infrastructure/issues/210) - update project identification mapping for sector, replace reference to Budget and projects extension with Projects extension. 
```
